MAIN CLASS

    This is where the program runs:-
Integer is set to zero to ensure inputs are integers only.
Database connectivity is verified via the DatabaseAdmin class

If Database is not valid
  Print "The Database was not found! PLease check for the correct path. "
 Program ends

Participants and Prizes text files are verified via the Common class
If Participants text file is found, it is loaded into the program.

If Participants text file is not found
  Print "The Participants.txt file was not found! Please check for the correct path. "
 Program ends

If Prizes text file is found, it is loaded into the program.

If Prizes text file is not found
  Print "The Prizes.txt file was not found! Please check for the correct path. "
 Program ends

Program Begins after loading text files
Program assigns random numbers to each participant

WHILE number of prizes to be given away is less than or equal to the number available, keep loop active
   Print "Welcome to our annual raffle drawings!! How many Prizes are we starting with in this round? - there are %d prizes - (0 for exit) : " + "\n", prizes.size() );
IF number of prizes is zero end loop
ELSE 
  Validate via Validation class if the number of prizes requested is less than or equal to prizes left to giveaway
IF number of prizes requested is more than what is left
  Print "Sorry but do not have enough to giveaway!!! Please try again... "
ELSE 
  Print out winners and Prizes won.

As prizes are won, they and their respective winners are removed from the pool of prizes and participants; the number of of giveaways decreases.
   
Winners and their prizes are stored in a Database table via the DatabaseAdmin class
IF data to be inserted into database fails
  Print "Warning!!! Inserting data failed."

Raffle Ends
History of raffle is uploaded to program vis GetHistory class
   Print winners list 
   Print prizes won list
   Print date prizes were won

IF data is unable to be loaded
   Print "Warning!!! Something failed when retrieveing data from the Database"


COMMON CLASS

     Here the participants and prize lists are loaded from the C drive of the computer into the Java program as an Arraylist (how) 
 instead of inputing the entire array list in the class.

 TRY and CATCH exceptions search for text files containing the file names "Participants and Prizes" only and return only TXT files
 
IF the filename of the file being searched for contains "Participants"
    Print "===> Participants file was loaded"
 ELSE
    Print "===> Prizes file was loaded"

Each participant is randomly selected along with a randomly selected winning number using the Math.random method
The raffle numbers will not exceed the total number of participants hence the formular below
   return(int) ((Math.random() * (maxNum - mniNum)) + minNum);



VALIDATION CLASS

  Here the number of prizes award during a round must be equal or lower than the prize array size offered at the time

IF number of prizes less than or equal to current array size
    TEST = true; (Move forward with program)
ELSE 
    TEST = false; (Ask to enter another number)
run loop again after user input

   There will also be validations for the txt files

IF fileName exists (i.e "Participants" or "Prizes") 
   TEST = true, (Move forward with program)
ELSE
   TEST = false; (Program error, txt files need to be uploaded properly)


DATABASEADMIN CLASS

  Here the java program checks to ensure trusted connectivity to the C Drive and SQL Database 
 Data stored in the Database table (history of winners) will be retrieved
DISPLAY TABLE 
   Print Table showing a list of previous winners; Date and prizes won

TESTING
IF connection is secure and complete; move forward with program
 Print "Connection to SQLite has been extablished"
ELSE
  Throw an exception
TRY and CATCH exception clause will catch error and run through loop again

Java will request data from the table stored in the database
   Request Participants, Prize won, Lotto Date


GETHISTORY CLASS

  Here the database connection is confirmed

IF connection is false
  Print "WARNING!! - Something went wrong accessting the Database"